1.DVM instructions in the form of
Instruction name:
Syntax:
Example:
1)
Instruction name: move (move a register's value)
Syntax          : move vA, vB 
Example         : move v0, v1
                  Moves v1 into v0.  

2)
Instruction name:goto target (Unconditionally jump to the indicated instruction)
syntax          :goto +AA
Example         :goto 0005 // -0010
                 Jumps to current position-16 words (hex 10). 0005 is the label of the target instruction.

3)
Instruction name:move wide (Move the contents of one register-pair to another.)
syntax          :move-wide/from16 vAA, vBBBB
Example         :move-wide/from16 v22, v0
                 Moves v0 into v22.
				 
4)
Instruction name:throw (Throw the indicated exception.)
syntax          :throw vAA
Example         :throw v0
                 Throws an exception. The exception object reference is in v0.
				 
5)
Instruction name:return (Return from a single-width (32-bit) non-object value-returning method.)
syntax          :return vAA
Example         :return v0
                 Returns with return value in v0.
				 
				 
				 
2.Differentiate between mobile and cloud computing

mobile computing:
1."Mobile computing is the ability to use computing capability without a pre-defined location and/or connection to a network 
to publish and/or subscribe to information.
2.Is taking a physical device with you.
This could be a laptop or a mobile phone or some device which enables you to telework-working wherever you go because of the small size 
of the device you’re using.
3. the mobile cloud focuses on services available through mobile network operators.
4. clients for mobile cloud computing are cell phones.
5. limited processing power, limited transmission power, low bandwidth, and limited battery power.


cloud computing:
1.Cloud computing is an expression used to describe a variety of computing concepts that involve a large number of computers
 connected through a real-time communication network such as the Internet
2.Allows you to store your files and folders in a “cloud” area on the Internet,
allowing you access to all of your files and folders wherever you are in the world.
But you do need a physical device with Internet access to access it.
3.Cloud services are used today to store, manage, and process a wide variety of data applications.
 Cloud computing has taken the industry by storm because it enables greater accessibility, mobility, subscription based pricing,
 and real-time access to information—all without requiring investment in infrastructure.
4. clients for cloud computing are computers.
5.High processing power,large tranmission power,high bandwidth and  battery power.


3. Give an example of an application simulating an environment of  context aware computing and justify.

  dialapp : context aware dialer:
  ------------------------------
Description
Fast. Intuitive. Simple.
? "The app magically knows who you're likely to call" - Android Police.
? "Dialapp for Android magically predicts who you want to call next based on context" - AddictiveTips
? "Dialapp’s Predictive Dialer For Android Knows Who You’re Going To Call Next" - Techcrunch
? "It’s designed to replace your Android phone’s standard dialers – and to be a much more intelligent one." - TechinAsia
Dialapp automatically shows people you want to call at any time.
**Signin with your Google account for unlocking awesomeness**
- You are home at night, you open dialer, it shows your girlfriend, mom, best friend.
- On Friday evenings, your beer buddy tops your list on Dialapp.
- Switch on your phone at the airport, and the cabbie now features on the dialapp screen.
Dialapp can magically predict who you are about to call, based on your context; your location, time, calendar, conversations etc. Dialapp does *exactly* that.
Welcome to 1-sec dialing!
PERMISSIONS
===========
ACCESS_FINE_LOCATION- To access the location of the calls you made/recevied.
android.permission.INTERNET, ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE - Cloud Syncing, and creating the contextual call log 
READ_CONTACTS - For quick actions, people display on call log etc.
WAKE_LOCK - Use display and processor time efficiently, yet keeping your call log fresh.
MANAGE_ACCOUNTS, AUTHENTICATE_ACCOUNTS, WRITE_SYNC_SETTINGS, READ_SYNC_SETTINGS - Create and maintain a 'dialapp' sync account and service.
WRITE_CONTACTS - To add to the intelligent call log.
CALL_PHONE - To make a call via dialapp
ACCESS_WIFI_STATE,CHANGE_WIFI_STATE - For intelligently syncing with cloud.

